Is Bai Fangyu really that powerful?
They must have deliberately contacted the partner in advance.
vandalism
Then these customers are handed over to you.
Bye stop
Eta, your resignation report has not been handed in yet
Immediately take someone outside and give me a synthetic formula
There aren't many people outside
It seems that everyone wants to be a person, not a cow and horse
As long as you don't leave today
I tripled his salary
A company on the verge of bankruptcy
What's the use of even 10 times the salary?
you
Hurry up and give it to me
I don't need money to support you.
Brother Providence
Clients cancel cooperation
The company's capital chain is completely broken
What!
Bunch of useless trash
waste
I know every day to cheat my salary
I might as well have a dog if I had you
No, Mr. Chen
It's not that we can't
It's because the formula you gave has been modified.
And he can only extract it through a special method
Someone who can extract something like this
You have forced it away.
For so many years, you have robbed a lot of relatives and slaves. Who will come with me?
Your ex-wife Bai Feng